Alien Breed: Special Edition 1992
©1992 Team 17

Manual

THE STORY
---------
2191...and the Galaxy stands unwittingly on the brink of war...

The colonisation. It had happened so fast, first the break throughs, initial
tentative steps and finally the stampede. People rushing from the smog
ridden, claustrophobic Earth bases to freedom and promise of the
enterprising stellar colonies.

But the Dawn of widespread and econonomical space travel brought with it
new legacies, new crimes and a new ara of greed. As tension inevitably
spiralled, the interplanetary corps were Born as a peace-keeping force.

Johnson and Stone were crack members of an elite ipc patrol unit, returning
back to federation hq after a 6 month spell in the outer spiral arm, nothing
had troubled them, but nothing usually did in such a remote section of the
Galaxy, they were relieved to be goin home.

Then came the orders to check out a distant space station in the Intex
network... ISRC-4 had ceased transmitting on all federation wavelengths..
it could be a magnetic storm or another fickle revolt against authority..
whatever it was, they were ordered in.

Stone logged the stations co-ordinates into miraculous`s nav-comp and
initiated the engines for the small ion-drive..the crafts engines shuddered
as it picked up the pace and within a couple of hours they were in orbit
around the gas giant planet of gianor, where the station was located.

Johnson and Stone shrugged their shoulders, everything looked fine, sure
things seemed a little quiet, but there was evidence of magnetice activity.

Miraculous fired her retros and began her approach into the stations 3
landing bays...they were going in.

USEFUL BACKGROUND INFORMATION
-----------------------------
Intex systems was the name behind many of the technological breakthroughs
of the period, they were responsible for the huge increase in colonisation
and for most of the complex cumputer and droid operated stations.

Most systems had Intex computer systems networked through-out. Offering
many services to the crew including a spot of light relief, space
tennis, which was the very latest entertainment craze, along with first aid
packs, ammo packs, deck maps and such like where all available instantly via
the matter displacement unit.

Intex Space Research Centre No 4(ISRC-4) was a typical example, shrouded in
ystery it was the nerve centre of complex and secret security operations,
Many prototype systems were rumoured to be in design there and very few
were privvy to the exact operations.

LOADING INSTRUCTIONS
--------------------
Simply reset your Amiga in the conventional way using `CTRL` and 2 Amiga
Key operation.. [Scooter note; thats load of garbage to avoid virus 
infection, always turn your Amiga off for a couple of seconds]

When the menu appears, you can select options and then play the game.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
-------------------
The game requires 1 megabyte of RAM to play and will run on all Amiga
systems. Disk access is still necessary between levels, but this is minimal
and should not detract from play. A joystick is of course needed, two if
dual play option is selected. Sound output through an AMP or HIFI is
strongly recommended.

The share credits option allows you to Split the rewards of any credits you
may discover when playing in the 2 player mode. This can provide better
enjoyment to give a better team effort...but some people may miss the
fights and arguments that break out when fellow players race to grab
everything before the other player can get a look in.

The game features a full attract sequence if left alone...

CONTROLLING THE IPC MEMBERS
---------------------------
Both players are controlled using the joystick, simply move the stick in
the direction that you wish the character to travel, the button will (ammo
permitting) fire off a round from the current weapon you are using.

Weapons, keys, ammo ect can be purchased with any credits you may have found
at the various computer consoles around the station...to activate a
console, go towards it, make contact and press the space bar.
Cosole operation is made entirely with the joystick in a similar fashion to
the game menu using the on screen cursor. You can exit from the sub game by
pressing the other players button (or the mouse if connected).

Players have a limited amount of energy, which is represented as a bar on
the players status panel (either at the top of the screen for player one,
or at the bottom for player 2) this is decreased through injury as the game
progresses but can be replenished with the help of first aid kits that are
found scattered around.

You will be able to buy a small portable holo-map of the space station and
if in possession you can turn it on/off with the `M` key on your computer.
The holo map works better when you are near to a console.

You can also purchase bigger and better weaponary, to select a different
weapon you must use the left ALT key (bottom left of main keyboard) for
player 1, or the right ALT key (bottom right of main keyboard) for
player 2 during the game.

You can also return to the main menu, and sometimes you may have to if your
judgement has failed you...by pressing the `ESC` Key.

TIPS
----
Alien Breed 92 is a great 1 player game, but like all things in life is
even better when done with a partner. We recommend a 2 player as the
atmosphere takes on a new meaning once teamwork is required.

The game boasts an incredible array of intensive atmospheric sound FX and
should be relayed through an AMP or HIFI for best effect.

Turn up the volume and down the lights and experience `Alien Breed 92`!!
